----	12	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	This rhynoc is too big to charge. You'll have to flame him using the { button.
RUS:	This rhynoc is too big to charge. You'll have to flame him using the { button.

----	57	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	Hi Spyro! Each time a fairy zaps you, like this...
RUS:	Hi Spyro! Each time a fairy zaps you, like this...

ENG:	That means your progress is saved. If you get into trouble you'll return to the last place you got zapped.
RUS:	That means your progress is saved. If you get into trouble you'll return to the last place you got zapped.

----	111	----

ENG:	Councillor George
RUS:	Councillor George

ENG:	Oh my! Oh my! Can you help us? Hordes of ferocious rhynocs have overrun our town and kidnapped the mayor.
RUS:	Oh my! Oh my! Can you help us? Hordes of ferocious rhynocs have overrun our town and kidnapped the mayor.

ENG:	Are you a dragon? I never believed you really existed.
RUS:	Are you a dragon? I never believed you really existed.

ENG:	Would you like a chicken sandwich? They're very good.
RUS:	Would you like a chicken sandwich? They're very good.

ENG:	Those pesky rhynocs are back again, but I'm sure you'll soon sort them out.
RUS:	Those pesky rhynocs are back again, but I'm sure you'll soon sort them out.

----	121	----

ENG:	Citizen Paulus
RUS:	Citizen Paulus

ENG:	Let me catch my breath and I'll kick that other guy's butt.
RUS:	Let me catch my breath and I'll kick that other guy's butt.

ENG:	We showed those two bullies. If they hadn't outnumbered me two to one, I'd have finished them off ages ago.
RUS:	We showed those two bullies. If they hadn't outnumbered me two to one, I'd have finished them off ages ago.

ENG:	Have you seen any giant chickens around here?
RUS:	Have you seen any giant chickens around here?

----	122	----

ENG:	Mayor Leo
RUS:	Mayor Leo

ENG:	Thank you for rescuing my town. As mayor I award you with one of our famous giant chicken eggs.
RUS:	Thank you for rescuing my town. As mayor I award you with one of our famous giant chicken eggs.

ENG:	I'm sorry, that was the ugliest chicken I've ever seen.
RUS:	I'm sorry, that was the ugliest chicken I've ever seen.

----	123	----

ENG:	Citizen Horace
RUS:	Citizen Horace

ENG:	Whoo I'm dizzy.
RUS:	Whoo I'm dizzy.

ENG:	Thanks for the help, but I think I would have worn him down in a minute.
RUS:	Thanks for the help, but I think I would have worn him down in a minute.

ENG:	Have you seen any of our giant chickens? The rhynocs have been trying to eat them all.
RUS:	Have you seen any of our giant chickens? The rhynocs have been trying to eat them all.

ENG:	Look, a chicken turned up. I hope it's not the only one left.
RUS:	Look, a chicken turned up. I hope it's not the only one left.

----	148	----

ENG:	To Whom it May Concern: Sheila the Kangaroo is currently otherwise detained -- by me. Please return in a few years.\      -The Sorceress
RUS:	To Whom it May Concern: Sheila the Kangaroo is currently otherwise detained -- by me. Please return in a few years.\      -The Sorceress

ENG:	Spyro, thanks for dropping by, but I'm currently busy in my home world. Come visit me there.\          -Sheila
RUS:	Spyro, thanks for dropping by, but I'm currently busy in my home world. Come visit me there.\          -Sheila

ENG:	Come on in!\     -Sheila
RUS:	Come on in!\     -Sheila

