----	128	----

ENG:	Bentley
RUS:	Bentley

ENG:	I will gladly help you on your quest, Spyro, but first I must attend to my young sibling. I'm afraid he may have gotten himself into trouble during my absence.
RUS:	I will gladly help you on your quest, Spyro, but first I must attend to my young sibling. I'm afraid he may have gotten himself into trouble during my absence.

ENG:	It's good to know that Bartholomew is out of harm's way. &Leave the level? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	It's good to know that Bartholomew is out of harm's way. &Leave the level? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	I will sojourn amongst the worlds and if I find any eggs I'll do my utmost to recover them for you.
RUS:	I will sojourn amongst the worlds and if I find any eggs I'll do my utmost to recover them for you.

ENG:	Ah well, I must return to my humble abode, for the time being.
RUS:	Ah well, I must return to my humble abode, for the time being.

ENG:	I'm afraid I still have to attend to the safety of young Bartholomew. &Level not finished... &Do you really want to leave? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	I'm afraid I still have to attend to the safety of young Bartholomew. &Level not finished... &Do you really want to leave? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	Well I'd love to leave with you but I still have to look after Bartholomew.
RUS:	Well I'd love to leave with you but I still have to look after Bartholomew.

ENG:	I'm afraid my home is still infested with rhynocs, I'll return when they are dealt with.
RUS:	I'm afraid my home is still infested with rhynocs, I'll return when they are dealt with.

----	134	----

ENG:	Bartholomew
RUS:	Bartholomew

ENG:	Hey bro! It'd be really cool if you smashed that boulder. A swift smack should do the trick.
RUS:	Hey bro! It'd be really cool if you smashed that boulder. A swift smack should do the trick.

ENG:	C'mon, c'mon just press the { button to swing your club. I wanna see it break into a million pieces.
RUS:	C'mon, c'mon just press the { button to swing your club. I wanna see it break into a million pieces.

ENG:	I heard those big bullies calling you a wuss. You're not going to let them get away with that are you?
RUS:	I heard those big bullies calling you a wuss. You're not going to let them get away with that are you?

ENG:	If you use your spin move to deflect the snowball into the gong I bet we can make the roof cave in.
RUS:	If you use your spin move to deflect the snowball into the gong I bet we can make the roof cave in.

ENG:	We have to get the timing just right. Press the > button to spin your club when I throw a snowball.
RUS:	We have to get the timing just right. Press the > button to spin your club when I throw a snowball.

ENG:	It took me forever to train those seals to throw snowballs. Now they've gone and turned on me!
RUS:	It took me forever to train those seals to throw snowballs. Now they've gone and turned on me!

ENG:	Oh no, another seal, and this one looks really mean.
RUS:	Oh no, another seal, and this one looks really mean.

ENG:	Another gong, great. I bet we can cause an avalanche with this one!
RUS:	Another gong, great. I bet we can cause an avalanche with this one!

ENG:	A stinkin' rhynoc has blocked the way with this box. It shouldn't be any problem for you to push it out of the way though.
RUS:	A stinkin' rhynoc has blocked the way with this box. It shouldn't be any problem for you to push it out of the way though.

ENG:	Pushing that block is easy for a big guy like you. Just stand next to the block and push forward on the directional button.
RUS:	Pushing that block is easy for a big guy like you. Just stand next to the block and push forward on the directional button.

ENG:	Hey brainiac, you're supposed to be smart. Why don't you try pushing those blocks around to bridge that gap?
RUS:	Hey brainiac, you're supposed to be smart. Why don't you try pushing those blocks around to bridge that gap?

ENG:	Thanks bro! Here's a little something for your rock collection.
RUS:	Thanks bro! Here's a little something for your rock collection.

ENG:	Hey you're in the way. Move it!
RUS:	Hey you're in the way. Move it!

