----	167	----

ENG:	Alicia
RUS:	Alicia

ENG:	There's no time to lose! Prince Azrael and his cat armies are about to steal our poor princess!
RUS:	There's no time to lose! Prince Azrael and his cat armies are about to steal our poor princess!

----	168	----

ENG:	Eileen
RUS:	Eileen

ENG:	Hurry, Spyro! If we don't get to the castle right away, the princess will be forced to marry that loser, Prince Azrael!
RUS:	Hurry, Spyro! If we don't get to the castle right away, the princess will be forced to marry that loser, Prince Azrael!

----	184	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Well, Spyro, today is your lucky day! The wizards and I have worked out a little deal. If you simply pay a small toll, they'll be happy to raise these steps and let you pass. &Pay ^^^ gems to raise the steps? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	Well, Spyro, today is your lucky day! The wizards and I have worked out a little deal. If you simply pay a small toll, they'll be happy to raise these steps and let you pass. &Pay ^^^ gems to raise the steps? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	You have chosen wisely, Spyro. I'll tell the wizards to raise the steps immediately... And, err, best of luck rescuing that princess, or whatever it is you're up to...
RUS:	You have chosen wisely, Spyro. I'll tell the wizards to raise the steps immediately... And, err, best of luck rescuing that princess, or whatever it is you're up to...

ENG:	Suit yourself, Spyro... but every time I think of that poor, poor fairy princess being captured by those villainous wizards, I simply break down in tears.
RUS:	Suit yourself, Spyro... but every time I think of that poor, poor fairy princess being captured by those villainous wizards, I simply break down in tears.

ENG:	Say, Spyro, if you had a bit more money, I think I could make a deal with the wizards to raise these steps. I'm afraid that's the only way you'll be able to get to the castle. &[^^^ gems needed to use steps.
RUS:	Say, Spyro, if you had a bit more money, I think I could make a deal with the wizards to raise these steps. I'm afraid that's the only way you'll be able to get to the castle. &[^^^ gems needed to use steps.

ENG:	You know, come to think of it, the wizards only agreed to raise the steps. They never said they wouldn't lower them again... heh heh... Those guys are pretty clever, aren't they?
RUS:	You know, come to think of it, the wizards only agreed to raise the steps. They never said they wouldn't lower them again... heh heh... Those guys are pretty clever, aren't they?

----	185	----

ENG:	Step inside, old chum!    -Sgt. James Byrd
RUS:	Step inside, old chum!    -Sgt. James Byrd

----	193	----

ENG:	Princess Ami
RUS:	Princess Ami

ENG:	Ohh... hee hee... Hi, Spyro! Isn't Prince Azrael just the dreamiest? The other fairies and wizards won't let us get married, so we're going to elope! ... By the way, Azrael says you can have this egg if you don't tell anyone where we went!
RUS:	Ohh... hee hee... Hi, Spyro! Isn't Prince Azrael just the dreamiest? The other fairies and wizards won't let us get married, so we're going to elope! ... By the way, Azrael says you can have this egg if you don't tell anyone where we went!

----	197	----

ENG:	Molly
RUS:	Molly

ENG:	I just saw Prince Azrael run into the castle! We have to stop him before he reaches the princess!
RUS:	I just saw Prince Azrael run into the castle! We have to stop him before he reaches the princess!

----	199	----

ENG:	Liz
RUS:	Liz

ENG:	Spyro, we urgently need your help! The evil cat wizards of Felinia have stormed our castle and captured our princess! If we don't stop them right away, they'll force her to marry Prince Azrael!
RUS:	Spyro, we urgently need your help! The evil cat wizards of Felinia have stormed our castle and captured our princess! If we don't stop them right away, they'll force her to marry Prince Azrael!

