----	60	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	Princess Ami showed me a place called Starfish Reef. She says there's an egg hidden in there. I think Sparx should check it out. &Enter Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	Princess Ami showed me a place called Starfish Reef. She says there's an egg hidden in there. I think Sparx should check it out. &Enter Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	Sparx has already found the lost egg in Starfish Reef, but if he wants to go back for a swim, I can lead the way. &Return to Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	Sparx has already found the lost egg in Starfish Reef, but if he wants to go back for a swim, I can lead the way. &Return to Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	When I saw that giant stingray I thought you were a goner, Sparx, but you sure showed him. Now the magic from the egg has made you even stronger, so you can take one more hit for Spyro.
RUS:	When I saw that giant stingray I thought you were a goner, Sparx, but you sure showed him. Now the magic from the egg has made you even stronger, so you can take one more hit for Spyro.

ENG:	Yes.
RUS:	Yes.

ENG:	No.
RUS:	No.

----	65	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	Hi again, Spyro. This powerup can make you invincible, but only for a short while. Use it to get by these flame spitters... you'll find an egg when you get past them.
RUS:	Hi again, Spyro. This powerup can make you invincible, but only for a short while. Use it to get by these flame spitters... you'll find an egg when you get past them.

----	100	----

ENG:	Spyro, I've got a special task for Sparx. Meet me back here later!           -Zoe
RUS:	Spyro, I've got a special task for Sparx. Meet me back here later!           -Zoe

----	101	----

ENG:	Bianca
RUS:	Bianca

ENG:	Listen to me, dragon... Spyro... this is serious now. The Sorceress is planning a trap for you, and if she catches you... believe me, you don't want to know what she's going to do... Look, I promise to take good care of the rest of the eggs. I mean it. Just take Hunter and go back home before... before... I can't say it, just go!
RUS:	Listen to me, dragon... Spyro... this is serious now. The Sorceress is planning a trap for you, and if she catches you... believe me, you don't want to know what she's going to do... Look, I promise to take good care of the rest of the eggs. I mean it. Just take Hunter and go back home before... before... I can't say it, just go!

----	110	----

ENG:	Bentley
RUS:	Bentley

ENG:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world.
RUS:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world.

----	117	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Heh heh, the Sorceress has a real prize on her hands here... it took two dozen rhynocs to capture this dimwitted furball, so you'd better believe he's not going to get out cheap... &Pay ^^^^ gems to free the creature? &OK. &No deal, dirtbag.
RUS:	Heh heh, the Sorceress has a real prize on her hands here... it took two dozen rhynocs to capture this dimwitted furball, so you'd better believe he's not going to get out cheap... &Pay ^^^^ gems to free the creature? &OK. &No deal, dirtbag.

ENG:	Where are you getting all this money, Spyro? ... heh heh... It's not just lying around on the ground, is it? ...err... is it? Ahh, what do I care, it's mine now!
RUS:	Where are you getting all this money, Spyro? ... heh heh... It's not just lying around on the ground, is it? ...err... is it? Ahh, what do I care, it's mine now!

ENG:	Very well then, I was having a rather good time poking him with a stick, anyway.
RUS:	Very well then, I was having a rather good time poking him with a stick, anyway.

ENG:	Good grief, dragon, what happened to all your money? How am I supposed to swindle... err.. heh heh... help you, if you can't even find any gems! &[^^^^ gems needed to free creature.
RUS:	Good grief, dragon, what happened to all your money? How am I supposed to swindle... err.. heh heh... help you, if you can't even find any gems! &[^^^^ gems needed to free creature.

ENG:	...
RUS:	...

----	126	----

ENG:	Eugene
RUS:	Eugene

ENG:	Why don't you ask around the other worlds to see if you can get me some help to build this rocket.
RUS:	Why don't you ask around the other worlds to see if you can get me some help to build this rocket.

ENG:	The rocket's fueled up and ready to go Spyro.
RUS:	The rocket's fueled up and ready to go Spyro.

----	131	----

ENG:	Crazy Ed
RUS:	Crazy Ed

ENG:	I reckon I'm here tuh help ya wit' yer mission, but I don't know nuthin' bout rocket scientry... I'm jest here tuh supply the scrap metal... Ya had better git some more folk tuh help out.
RUS:	I reckon I'm here tuh help ya wit' yer mission, but I don't know nuthin' bout rocket scientry... I'm jest here tuh supply the scrap metal... Ya had better git some more folk tuh help out.

ENG:	I guess this hunk a junk is sposed tuh fly... Sure glad I ain't the one gittin' on.
RUS:	I guess this hunk a junk is sposed tuh fly... Sure glad I ain't the one gittin' on.

----	132	----

ENG:	Princess Ami
RUS:	Princess Ami

ENG:	I've always been really good with machinery. In fact, if you get me a little more help, I could whip up a rocketship in no time. But hurry, OK? I want to get back to my honeymoon!
RUS:	I've always been really good with machinery. In fact, if you get me a little more help, I could whip up a rocketship in no time. But hurry, OK? I want to get back to my honeymoon!

ENG:	Hop on, Spyro! Don't worry, fairy engineering has never failed.
RUS:	Hop on, Spyro! Don't worry, fairy engineering has never failed.

----	133	----

ENG:	Bentley
RUS:	Bentley

ENG:	I believe the denizens of this land plan to create a rocket propulsion device of some kind in order to help you with your journey. I'll try to be of some assistance, but I'm afraid you'll still need a representative from each world in order to complete the device.
RUS:	I believe the denizens of this land plan to create a rocket propulsion device of some kind in order to help you with your journey. I'll try to be of some assistance, but I'm afraid you'll still need a representative from each world in order to complete the device.

ENG:	Hop aboard, Spyro, and boldly go where no dragon has gone before! Well, at least not in a thousand years, at any rate...
RUS:	Hop aboard, Spyro, and boldly go where no dragon has gone before! Well, at least not in a thousand years, at any rate...

ENG:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world?
RUS:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world?

----	134	----

ENG:	Greta
RUS:	Greta

ENG:	Now that I've wescued the secwet plans we can finish building the wocket. If only I had a little more help.
RUS:	Now that I've wescued the secwet plans we can finish building the wocket. If only I had a little more help.

ENG:	The wocket is weady for waunch, Spywo. Hop aboard whenever you want.
RUS:	The wocket is weady for waunch, Spywo. Hop aboard whenever you want.

