----	43	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	This portal has been sealed with the strongest magic I've ever seen. You'll need all the dragon eggs and all the gems from each world to break the seal.
RUS:	This portal has been sealed with the strongest magic I've ever seen. You'll need all the dragon eggs and all the gems from each world to break the seal.

ENG:	Sparx can help you find the rest of the gems. When you hold down @4L1, L2, R1, and R2@0 at the same time, he will point to the nearest treasure in that area.
RUS:	Sparx can help you find the rest of the gems. When you hold down @4L1, L2, R1, and R2@0 at the same time, he will point to the nearest treasure in that area.

ENG:	Once you complete Sparx's special tasks in Sunrise Spring Home and Midday Garden Home, he will gain new abilities that will make collecting gems much easier!
RUS:	Once you complete Sparx's special tasks in Sunrise Spring Home and Midday Garden Home, he will gain new abilities that will make collecting gems much easier!

----	66	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	Just before you kicked the Sorceress's big, fat, ugly butt she built a factory to make robotic bugs to fight Sparx, but I don't think they're any match for him. &Enter Bugbot Factory bonus world? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	Just before you kicked the Sorceress's big, fat, ugly butt she built a factory to make robotic bugs to fight Sparx, but I don't think they're any match for him. &Enter Bugbot Factory bonus world? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	That's it Sparx, you've found all the lost eggs, but you can still go back to the Bugbot Factory if you like. &Return to Bugbot Factory bonus world? &Yes. &No.
RUS:	That's it Sparx, you've found all the lost eggs, but you can still go back to the Bugbot Factory if you like. &Return to Bugbot Factory bonus world? &Yes. &No.

ENG:	That last egg must have had some extra magic, because it gave Sparx two new abilities. Now he can break open treasure chests, and, using the Atlas, he can warp you to any level. Just select the level you want and press the > button.
RUS:	That last egg must have had some extra magic, because it gave Sparx two new abilities. Now he can break open treasure chests, and, using the Atlas, he can warp you to any level. Just select the level you want and press the > button.

ENG:	Yes.
RUS:	Yes.

ENG:	No.
RUS:	No.

----	130	----

ENG:	Agent 9
RUS:	Agent 9

ENG:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world.
RUS:	Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world.

----	131	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Well, well, Spyro, look what I have here. It's a life-size space monkey action figure, complete with a fully operational laser! I'd love to let him out so you can play with him, but the Sorceress seems to think he's a menace. &Pay ^^^^ gems to free the monkey? &Release him. &Nah, you can keep him.
RUS:	Well, well, Spyro, look what I have here. It's a life-size space monkey action figure, complete with a fully operational laser! I'd love to let him out so you can play with him, but the Sorceress seems to think he's a menace. &Pay ^^^^ gems to free the monkey? &Release him. &Nah, you can keep him.

ENG:	Heh heh, you've always had a weakness for helping silly little creatures, haven't you, Spyro? Ah well, I suppose there couldn't be any harm in letting him out, could there?
RUS:	Heh heh, you've always had a weakness for helping silly little creatures, haven't you, Spyro? Ah well, I suppose there couldn't be any harm in letting him out, could there?

ENG:	You don't want to free him? Ahhh, what's the matter, little dragon? Are you just jealous that no one has ever made an action figure out of you?
RUS:	You don't want to free him? Ahhh, what's the matter, little dragon? Are you just jealous that no one has ever made an action figure out of you?

ENG:	Hello there, Spyro, how do you like my new space monkey action figure? Incredibly life-like, don't you think? You'd almost think he was actually intelligent, heh heh. I suppose I might consider selling him to you... but you'll have to come up with a bit more cash first. &[^^^^ gems needed to free critter
RUS:	Hello there, Spyro, how do you like my new space monkey action figure? Incredibly life-like, don't you think? You'd almost think he was actually intelligent, heh heh. I suppose I might consider selling him to you... but you'll have to come up with a bit more cash first. &[^^^^ gems needed to free critter

ENG:	...
RUS:	...

----	138	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Don't worry, Spyro, I won't be needing any more of your money... Now, now, don't look so surprised! I found one of the dragon eggs, and I'm going to sell it for a fortune back in Avalar! Errr... uh oh... why are you looking at me like that? I... errr... heh heh... I've got to be going now! Toodles!
RUS:	Don't worry, Spyro, I won't be needing any more of your money... Now, now, don't look so surprised! I found one of the dragon eggs, and I'm going to sell it for a fortune back in Avalar! Errr... uh oh... why are you looking at me like that? I... errr... heh heh... I've got to be going now! Toodles!

ENG:	...pant pant... Drat! ...pant pant... Double drat! ...pant pant... Drat drat drat drat drat drat drat! ... pant pant... I never knew dragons were so fast... That's it... I give up... I'm retiring to Spooky Swamp to become a haiku poet...
RUS:	...pant pant... Drat! ...pant pant... Double drat! ...pant pant... Drat drat drat drat drat drat drat! ... pant pant... I never knew dragons were so fast... That's it... I give up... I'm retiring to Spooky Swamp to become a haiku poet...

----	158	----

ENG:	Bianca
RUS:	Bianca

ENG:	Spyro, I know you don't trust me, but I want to help you stop the Sorceress. There's a way to open a hidden portal to her lair, but it'll take some very strong magic... If you can find more of the dragon eggs, I think my magic will be strong enough to open the portal. I'll come find you when you have enough eggs, okay?
RUS:	Spyro, I know you don't trust me, but I want to help you stop the Sorceress. There's a way to open a hidden portal to her lair, but it'll take some very strong magic... If you can find more of the dragon eggs, I think my magic will be strong enough to open the portal. I'll come find you when you have enough eggs, okay?

ENG:	You did it, Spyro! You found enough of the dragon eggs for me to unlock the portal. Once I've opened it, you can confront the Sorceress whenever you're ready... but be careful, she'll be expecting you...
RUS:	You did it, Spyro! You found enough of the dragon eggs for me to unlock the portal. Once I've opened it, you can confront the Sorceress whenever you're ready... but be careful, she'll be expecting you...

ENG:	Good luck, Spyro... and watch out, she's very powerful and very sneaky.
RUS:	Good luck, Spyro... and watch out, she's very powerful and very sneaky.

----	159	----

ENG:	Bianca
RUS:	Bianca

ENG:	Spyro, I know you don't trust me, but I want to help you stop the Sorceress. There's a way to open a hidden portal to her lair, but it'll take some very strong magic... If you can find more of the dragon eggs, I think my magic will be strong enough to open the portal. I'll come find you when you have enough eggs, okay?
RUS:	Spyro, I know you don't trust me, but I want to help you stop the Sorceress. There's a way to open a hidden portal to her lair, but it'll take some very strong magic... If you can find more of the dragon eggs, I think my magic will be strong enough to open the portal. I'll come find you when you have enough eggs, okay?

ENG:	You did it, Spyro! You found enough of the dragon eggs for me to unlock the portal. Once I've opened it, you can confront the Sorceress whenever you're ready... but be careful, she'll be expecting you...
RUS:	You did it, Spyro! You found enough of the dragon eggs for me to unlock the portal. Once I've opened it, you can confront the Sorceress whenever you're ready... but be careful, she'll be expecting you...

ENG:	Good luck, Spyro... and watch out, she's very powerful and very sneaky.
RUS:	Good luck, Spyro... and watch out, she's very powerful and very sneaky.

----	162	----

ENG:	Spyro, I've got a special task for Sparx. Meet me back here later!           -Zoe
RUS:	Spyro, I've got a special task for Sparx. Meet me back here later!           -Zoe

