----	59	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	You can Hover to get more distance when gliding. Just press the } button at the end of your glide. &[Press } button at the end of your glide to get more distance.
RUS:	You can Hover to get more distance when gliding. Just press the } button at the end of your glide. &[Press } button at the end of your glide to get more distance.

----	98	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	If you want a quick summary of your progress in a world, you can press the @4SELECT@0 button to open the Atlas page for the world you are in. &[Press @0SELECT@4 button to view Atlas.
RUS:	If you want a quick summary of your progress in a world, you can press the @4SELECT@0 button to open the Atlas page for the world you are in. &[Press @0SELECT@4 button to view Atlas.

----	139	----

ENG:	Sebastian the Seal
RUS:	Sebastian the Seal

ENG:	While I was gone, my friends borrowed the rhynocs' submarine... then they took it for a joy ride... and then they smashed it into a big pile of rocks. Oddly enough, the rhynocs failed to see the humor in the story and stuffed my friends in the jail behind you.
RUS:	While I was gone, my friends borrowed the rhynocs' submarine... then they took it for a joy ride... and then they smashed it into a big pile of rocks. Oddly enough, the rhynocs failed to see the humor in the story and stuffed my friends in the jail behind you.

ENG:	The rhynocs have boarded up a lot of our doors, but I bet you're strong enough to smash them down. &[Use charge to smash boards.
RUS:	The rhynocs have boarded up a lot of our doors, but I bet you're strong enough to smash them down. &[Use charge to smash boards.

----	143	----

ENG:	Stanley the Seal
RUS:	Stanley the Seal

ENG:	My plan worked! That dumb octopus dropped the jail key while he was shaking me! Now I can free my friends...
RUS:	My plan worked! That dumb octopus dropped the jail key while he was shaking me! Now I can free my friends...

ENG:	Oh, I forgot to tell you... one of the rhynocs had this egg in his lunch box...
RUS:	Oh, I forgot to tell you... one of the rhynocs had this egg in his lunch box...

----	160	----

ENG:	Dear Dragon: If you're looking for that kangaroo, I'm afraid she's not available... EVER!\      -The Sorceress
RUS:	Dear Dragon: If you're looking for that kangaroo, I'm afraid she's not available... EVER!\      -The Sorceress

ENG:	I'm still back in my home world with my goat friends. Come on over if you like.\          -Sheila
RUS:	I'm still back in my home world with my goat friends. Come on over if you like.\          -Sheila

ENG:	Come on in!\     -Sheila
RUS:	Come on in!\     -Sheila

----	171	----

ENG:	Sigmund the Seal
RUS:	Sigmund the Seal

ENG:	I can't wait until the rhynocs build a new submarine! Next time it's my turn to drive!
RUS:	I can't wait until the rhynocs build a new submarine! Next time it's my turn to drive!

----	172	----

ENG:	Sal the Seal
RUS:	Sal the Seal

ENG:	Driving that submarine was a blast! Next time we're going to borrow the rhynocs' speed boat!
RUS:	Driving that submarine was a blast! Next time we're going to borrow the rhynocs' speed boat!

----	173	----

ENG:	Stu the Seal
RUS:	Stu the Seal

ENG:	We never would have crashed that submarine if Sal hadn't tried that hand-brake u-turn during an inverted barrel roll.
RUS:	We never would have crashed that submarine if Sal hadn't tried that hand-brake u-turn during an inverted barrel roll.

