----	15	----

ENG:	Sebastian the Seal
RUS:	Sebastian the Seal

ENG:	While I was gone, my friends borrowed the rhynocs' submarine... then they took it for a joy ride... and then they smashed it into a big pile of rocks. Oddly enough, the rhynocs failed to see the humor in the story and stuffed my friends in the jail behind you.
RUS:	While I was gone, my friends borrowed the rhynocs' submarine... then they took it for a joy ride... and then they smashed it into a big pile of rocks. Oddly enough, the rhynocs failed to see the humor in the story and stuffed my friends in the jail behind you.

ENG:	The rhynocs have boarded up a lot of our doors, but I bet you're strong enough to smash them down. &[Use charge to smash boards.
RUS:	The rhynocs have boarded up a lot of our doors, but I bet you're strong enough to smash them down. &[Use charge to smash boards.

----	18	----

ENG:	Sandy the Seal
RUS:	Sandy the Seal

ENG:	We had a dragon egg for you, but we used it to test our ultra-high-speed-super-fluidity tunnel. The good news is that it made it to the end of the tunnel without a scratch! The bad news is that there's no way to get it back out now.
RUS:	We had a dragon egg for you, but we used it to test our ultra-high-speed-super-fluidity tunnel. The good news is that it made it to the end of the tunnel without a scratch! The bad news is that there's no way to get it back out now.

ENG:	The tunnel is chock full of rhynocs and floating mines. The only way to retrieve that egg is to defeat every single rhynoc in the tunnel.
RUS:	The tunnel is chock full of rhynocs and floating mines. The only way to retrieve that egg is to defeat every single rhynoc in the tunnel.

ENG:	This egg has surprisingly good fluid dynamic characteristics. From now on, all of our submarines will be egg-shaped.
RUS:	This egg has surprisingly good fluid dynamic characteristics. From now on, all of our submarines will be egg-shaped.

ENG:	You'll have to defeat every single rhynoc in the tunnel before you can recapture the egg.
RUS:	You'll have to defeat every single rhynoc in the tunnel before you can recapture the egg.

