----	187	----

ENG:	Doug
RUS:	Doug

ENG:	Heh heh... I put up ice blocks this morning so Bob wouldn't beat me to the ice fishing hole... If you want to try out the hole, you can borrow this fishing lure I've been using.
RUS:	Heh heh... I put up ice blocks this morning so Bob wouldn't beat me to the ice fishing hole... If you want to try out the hole, you can borrow this fishing lure I've been using.

ENG:	Oh, by the way, feel free to use our gondola whenever you want.
RUS:	Oh, by the way, feel free to use our gondola whenever you want.

----	191	----

ENG:	Bob
RUS:	Bob

ENG:	I was supposed to meet Doug to go ice fishing today... but rhynocs have blocked the path with ice, so I can't get through.
RUS:	I was supposed to meet Doug to go ice fishing today... but rhynocs have blocked the path with ice, so I can't get through.

ENG:	I've been trying to clear the way with this cannon, but it doesn't even shoot straight. I haven't been able to hit a dang thing all morning.
RUS:	I've been trying to clear the way with this cannon, but it doesn't even shoot straight. I haven't been able to hit a dang thing all morning.

ENG:	You can hop on the cannon and try shooting the ice block if you want to, but I'm warning you, it's a lot harder than it looks!
RUS:	You can hop on the cannon and try shooting the ice block if you want to, but I'm warning you, it's a lot harder than it looks!

ENG:	Ohhh... you shot the ice block, eh? Must be beginner's luck.
RUS:	Ohhh... you shot the ice block, eh? Must be beginner's luck.

ENG:	This place is getting too dangerous. If Doug wants to go ice fishing, he'll have to haul his lazy butt down here!
RUS:	This place is getting too dangerous. If Doug wants to go ice fishing, he'll have to haul his lazy butt down here!

----	195	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Step right up, Spyro. Behind this door is the single greatest show on earth! That's right! Ice dancing! Season tickets are available, but you'll have to act fast. &Pay ^^^ gems to enter ice rink? &Sure, it's only money. &Take off, hoser!
RUS:	Step right up, Spyro. Behind this door is the single greatest show on earth! That's right! Ice dancing! Season tickets are available, but you'll have to act fast. &Pay ^^^ gems to enter ice rink? &Sure, it's only money. &Take off, hoser!

ENG:	I always knew you were a cultured sort of dragon. Well, step right in, the show's about to start.
RUS:	I always knew you were a cultured sort of dragon. Well, step right in, the show's about to start.

ENG:	What? You don't want to pay? What are you saving your money for, another sequel?
RUS:	What? You don't want to pay? What are you saving your money for, another sequel?

ENG:	Just between you and me, Spyro, I'd love to let you into the ice dancing competition for free. Really, I would. Unfortunately, however, the upkeep on my zamboni is costing a fortune, so I'll have to ask you to find more gems before I let you in. &[Admission costs ^^^ gems.
RUS:	Just between you and me, Spyro, I'd love to let you into the ice dancing competition for free. Really, I would. Unfortunately, however, the upkeep on my zamboni is costing a fortune, so I'll have to ask you to find more gems before I let you in. &[Admission costs ^^^ gems.

ENG:	I have to hurry in myself. I'm one of the judges for tonight's performance.
RUS:	I have to hurry in myself. I'm one of the judges for tonight's performance.

