----	70	----

ENG:	Zoe
RUS:	Zoe

ENG:	Be sure to keep your friend Sparx the Dragonfly healthy Spyro. If his health is low, torch a little creature like this slug below me to release a butterfly.
RUS:	Be sure to keep your friend Sparx the Dragonfly healthy Spyro. If his health is low, torch a little creature like this slug below me to release a butterfly.

----	86	----

ENG:	Rocky
RUS:	Rocky

ENG:	Here, take this egg. They were giving them away at the Tiki Lodge last night.
RUS:	Here, take this egg. They were giving them away at the Tiki Lodge last night.

----	98	----

ENG:	Clay
RUS:	Clay

ENG:	Rhynocs are running rampant around here, but I can't get anyone out of the Tiki Lodge long enough to do anything about it.
RUS:	Rhynocs are running rampant around here, but I can't get anyone out of the Tiki Lodge long enough to do anything about it.

ENG:	Well, it looks like it's just you and me. I'll keep a look out while you sort out the rhynocs.
RUS:	Well, it looks like it's just you and me. I'll keep a look out while you sort out the rhynocs.

----	107	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Spyro, you're just in time! I saw two egg thieves run through this door! Well... actually, they paid me to guard their hideout, but that's irrelevant. I'll happily let you through the gate to chase them down... for, ahem, a small finder's fee... &Pay ^^^ gems to enter the thieves' den? &Ok, ok... &Get lost, loser!
RUS:	Spyro, you're just in time! I saw two egg thieves run through this door! Well... actually, they paid me to guard their hideout, but that's irrelevant. I'll happily let you through the gate to chase them down... for, ahem, a small finder's fee... &Pay ^^^ gems to enter the thieves' den? &Ok, ok... &Get lost, loser!

ENG:	Thank you, Spyro, and best of luck catching those dastardly egg thieves.
RUS:	Thank you, Spyro, and best of luck catching those dastardly egg thieves.

ENG:	Very well, Spyro, it's up to you... Maybe if we both just hold hands and think happy thoughts, the thieves will decide to return the eggs themselves.
RUS:	Very well, Spyro, it's up to you... Maybe if we both just hold hands and think happy thoughts, the thieves will decide to return the eggs themselves.

ENG:	Well, Spyro, it's good to see you! This gate I'm guarding happens to be the secret entrance to an egg thief hideout... Of course, I can't let you enter with a clean conscience... At least not without paying a small fee. &[Entering thief hideout costs ^^^ gems.
RUS:	Well, Spyro, it's good to see you! This gate I'm guarding happens to be the secret entrance to an egg thief hideout... Of course, I can't let you enter with a clean conscience... At least not without paying a small fee. &[Entering thief hideout costs ^^^ gems.

ENG:	I guess those egg thieves are going to get what's coming to them... it's too bad... I always sort of liked those guys.
RUS:	I guess those egg thieves are going to get what's coming to them... it's too bad... I always sort of liked those guys.

----	115	----

ENG:	Note: Sgt. Byrd is currently on an important mission... to the inside of a cage! Tough luck.\     -The Sorceress
RUS:	Note: Sgt. Byrd is currently on an important mission... to the inside of a cage! Tough luck.\     -The Sorceress

ENG:	Would love to visit, old chap, but I've got work to do back at the base. You can check in with me there.     -Sgt. James Byrd
RUS:	Would love to visit, old chap, but I've got work to do back at the base. You can check in with me there.     -Sgt. James Byrd

ENG:	Step inside, old chum!     -Sgt. James Byrd
RUS:	Step inside, old chum!     -Sgt. James Byrd

