----	78	----

ENG:	Snappy the Seal
RUS:	Snappy the Seal

ENG:	Hi, Sheila! The rhynocs have built a fortress on our beach and we're going to blow it to smithereens! We just need you to take out all the turrets for us. We're lighting the bomb now, just make sure to stomp all those turrets before the fuse runs out, OK?
RUS:	Hi, Sheila! The rhynocs have built a fortress on our beach and we're going to blow it to smithereens! We just need you to take out all the turrets for us. We're lighting the bomb now, just make sure to stomp all those turrets before the fuse runs out, OK?

ENG:	Wow! I can't believe I survived that blast! It's a good thing I kept this egg nice and safe in my pocket.
RUS:	Wow! I can't believe I survived that blast! It's a good thing I kept this egg nice and safe in my pocket.

ENG:	Ready to try stomping the turrets again? &Try again? &Yes &No
RUS:	Ready to try stomping the turrets again? &Try again? &Yes &No

ENG:	Yippee! I'll light the fuse on the next bomb! &[Stomp all turrets before bomb explodes.
RUS:	Yippee! I'll light the fuse on the next bomb! &[Stomp all turrets before bomb explodes.

ENG:	No problem. We'll be playing hot potato with this bomb until you come back.
RUS:	No problem. We'll be playing hot potato with this bomb until you come back.

ENG:	Owww... That really smarts... No problem though, we've got more bombs!!!
RUS:	Owww... That really smarts... No problem though, we've got more bombs!!!

----	80	----

ENG:	Sandy the Seal
RUS:	Sandy the Seal

ENG:	Our beach is your beach.
RUS:	Our beach is your beach.

----	81	----

ENG:	Slappy the Seal
RUS:	Slappy the Seal

ENG:	Stay and get a tan, if you like.
RUS:	Stay and get a tan, if you like.

----	82	----

ENG:	Sheila
RUS:	Sheila

ENG:	Oh, hi, Spyro! Some of my seal friends are trying to take down a rhynoc fortress! I'm about to go and lend a foot... I love the smell of singed rhynoc in the morning!
RUS:	Oh, hi, Spyro! Some of my seal friends are trying to take down a rhynoc fortress! I'm about to go and lend a foot... I love the smell of singed rhynoc in the morning!

