----	75	----

ENG:	Sparx
RUS:	Sparx

ENG:	Which challenge would you like to play? &Choose a challenge: &Time Attack &Race the Blue-Footed Boobies &Exit Level
RUS:	Which challenge would you like to play? &Choose a challenge: &Time Attack &Race the Blue-Footed Boobies &Exit Level

ENG:	The easiest way to beat this time trial is to do it in the following order: seagulls, arches, lobsters, fish. Complete each one before moving on to the next.
RUS:	The easiest way to beat this time trial is to do it in the following order: seagulls, arches, lobsters, fish. Complete each one before moving on to the next.

ENG:	The red dots mark the race course, and you have to fly through ALL of the green checkpoint rings. The blue stars will give you a speed boost so fly through as many of them as you can. &[Fly through all green rings &[Fly through blue stars for a speed boost
RUS:	The red dots mark the race course, and you have to fly through ALL of the green checkpoint rings. The blue stars will give you a speed boost so fly through as many of them as you can. &[Fly through all green rings &[Fly through blue stars for a speed boost

ENG:	I hope we come back soon. I love Harbor Speedway.
RUS:	I hope we come back soon. I love Harbor Speedway.

ENG:	Wow, you just beat the Harbor Speedway time trial! Only a handful of racers in the world have ever done that! I can't wait to tell the other dragons back home...
RUS:	Wow, you just beat the Harbor Speedway time trial! Only a handful of racers in the world have ever done that! I can't wait to tell the other dragons back home...

ENG:	The birds said they didn't feel too bad losing to a dragon. After all, people say dragons used to own all the speed records here, a thousand years ago.
RUS:	The birds said they didn't feel too bad losing to a dragon. After all, people say dragons used to own all the speed records here, a thousand years ago.

ENG:	Good luck getting the course record!
RUS:	Good luck getting the course record!

ENG:	Go through every single blue turbo star that you can, even if it means straying from the course. Just remember not to miss any rings, or you'll be disqualified. &[Use the blue turbo stars. &[Fly through all green rings
RUS:	Go through every single blue turbo star that you can, even if it means straying from the course. Just remember not to miss any rings, or you'll be disqualified. &[Use the blue turbo stars. &[Fly through all green rings

ENG:	Remember, you don't have to follow the red dots exactly. Try to take short cuts between rings when you can. Also, for the fastest speed, always try to fly as low as you can. &[Cut corners between the green rings. &[Flying lower gives you extra speed.
RUS:	Remember, you don't have to follow the red dots exactly. Try to take short cuts between rings when you can. Also, for the fastest speed, always try to fly as low as you can. &[Cut corners between the green rings. &[Flying lower gives you extra speed.

ENG:	This is the world-famous Harbor Speedway, the most elite of all race courses! Only the world's top racers are allowed to compete here. The local champions are a group of blue-footed boobies who have never lost a race before.
RUS:	This is the world-famous Harbor Speedway, the most elite of all race courses! Only the world's top racers are allowed to compete here. The local champions are a group of blue-footed boobies who have never lost a race before.

----	89	----

ENG:	Hunter
RUS:	Hunter

ENG:	Where do these flying sheep saucers keep coming from? I just saw another one grab an egg and fly off! This one's super fast, but his saucer is damaged and it's leaving smoke rings... I think I can keep up with him as long as I can make it through the rings...
RUS:	Where do these flying sheep saucers keep coming from? I just saw another one grab an egg and fly off! This one's super fast, but his saucer is damaged and it's leaving smoke rings... I think I can keep up with him as long as I can make it through the rings...

ENG:	I'm gonna chase him down! &Should Hunter chase the sheep UFO? &Hurry up, already! &Nah, it's only an egg.
RUS:	I'm gonna chase him down! &Should Hunter chase the sheep UFO? &Hurry up, already! &Nah, it's only an egg.

ENG:	I'll be right back!
RUS:	I'll be right back!

ENG:	WHAT? You're kidding! We gotta hurry, he's getting away!
RUS:	WHAT? You're kidding! We gotta hurry, he's getting away!

ENG:	YES!!! That was close! The egg popped out just before the saucer crash landed!
RUS:	YES!!! That was close! The egg popped out just before the saucer crash landed!

