----	45	----

ENG:	Hunter
RUS:	Hunter

ENG:	Spyro, you're not gonna believe this, but there are sheep saucers and space cows all over this place! We gotta stop 'em before they abduct anybody!
RUS:	Spyro, you're not gonna believe this, but there are sheep saucers and space cows all over this place! We gotta stop 'em before they abduct anybody!

ENG:	I'm gonna strap on my jetpack and blast some space cows! &Should Hunter go? &Go for it! &What's a space cow?
RUS:	I'm gonna strap on my jetpack and blast some space cows! &Should Hunter go? &Go for it! &What's a space cow?

ENG:	Look out cows, here I come!
RUS:	Look out cows, here I come!

ENG:	Space cows are ferocious, laser-wielding bovines who show no mercy or pity! We've gotta stop them, Spyro!
RUS:	Space cows are ferocious, laser-wielding bovines who show no mercy or pity! We've gotta stop them, Spyro!

ENG:	We got the last one just before he abducted this egg!
RUS:	We got the last one just before he abducted this egg!

----	48	----

ENG:	Attention dragon: if you ever want to see your mangy cat friend again, you had better leave here at once!\     -The Sorceress
RUS:	Attention dragon: if you ever want to see your mangy cat friend again, you had better leave here at once!\     -The Sorceress

----	70	----

ENG:	RD
RUS:	RD

----	86	----

ENG:	Sparx
RUS:	Sparx

ENG:	Which challenge would you like to play? &Choose a challenge: &Time Attack &Race the Bi-planes &Quit
RUS:	Which challenge would you like to play? &Choose a challenge: &Time Attack &Race the Bi-planes &Quit

ENG:	Here's a hint. Try completing each challenge in order. Start with the rings, then get all the tractors, the cows, and save the planes for last. It's not the fastest way, but it is the easiest.
RUS:	Here's a hint. Try completing each challenge in order. Start with the rings, then get all the tractors, the cows, and save the planes for last. It's not the fastest way, but it is the easiest.

ENG:	Well the flying pigs are raring to go, let's get started. You have to fly through ALL of the green checkpoint rings in order. The red dots will lead the way. &[Fly through all green rings. &[Use the red dots to guide you.
RUS:	Well the flying pigs are raring to go, let's get started. You have to fly through ALL of the green checkpoint rings in order. The red dots will lead the way. &[Fly through all green rings. &[Use the red dots to guide you.

ENG:	Aww, do we have to go? I was just kicking back while you were doing all that flying.
RUS:	Aww, do we have to go? I was just kicking back while you were doing all that flying.

ENG:	That was so amazing that everyone in the farmyard clubbed together to buy you this as a reward.
RUS:	That was so amazing that everyone in the farmyard clubbed together to buy you this as a reward.

ENG:	First place, you're a pretty fancy flyer.
RUS:	First place, you're a pretty fancy flyer.

ENG:	Aaah, so you're trying for a best time are you? Well good luck.
RUS:	Aaah, so you're trying for a best time are you? Well good luck.

ENG:	You won't win the race without using the blue turbo stars. Try to use as many as possible, even if it means leaving the red dots, but remember to fly though the rings or you'll be disqualified. &[Use the blue turbo stars. &[Fly through all green rings
RUS:	You won't win the race without using the blue turbo stars. Try to use as many as possible, even if it means leaving the red dots, but remember to fly though the rings or you'll be disqualified. &[Use the blue turbo stars. &[Fly through all green rings

ENG:	Hey Spyro, you don't have to follow the red dots exactly so you can take short cuts between rings. Heres an extra hint, if you fly lower you'll get a little more speed. &[Cut corners between the green rings. &[Flying lower gives you extra speed.
RUS:	Hey Spyro, you don't have to follow the red dots exactly so you can take short cuts between rings. Heres an extra hint, if you fly lower you'll get a little more speed. &[Cut corners between the green rings. &[Flying lower gives you extra speed.

ENG:	Spyro, these are the famous racing grounds known as Country Speedway. They offer two challenges here: a timed obstacle course, or a race against the local speed champions.
RUS:	Spyro, these are the famous racing grounds known as Country Speedway. They offer two challenges here: a timed obstacle course, or a race against the local speed champions.

