----	146	----

ENG:	Ernest
RUS:	Ernest

ENG:	Eustace and I were having a snowman building competition when the Sorceress brought them to life with a spell. Since then they've been stomping around building ice walls and generally causing trouble.
RUS:	Eustace and I were having a snowman building competition when the Sorceress brought them to life with a spell. Since then they've been stomping around building ice walls and generally causing trouble.

ENG:	What if you tried melting the snowman using the laser? I'd do it myself, but you know, the flippers.
RUS:	What if you tried melting the snowman using the laser? I'd do it myself, but you know, the flippers.

ENG:	I knew we should have bought the automated laser defense system.
RUS:	I knew we should have bought the automated laser defense system.

----	149	----

ENG:	Alex
RUS:	Alex

ENG:	Some bear sold us a laser defense system to protect us from Rhynocs, but with these flippers I can't even turn it on. You'd have no trouble using it though. Just walk inside. When you're done, press the } button and you'll walk back out.
RUS:	Some bear sold us a laser defense system to protect us from Rhynocs, but with these flippers I can't even turn it on. You'd have no trouble using it though. Just walk inside. When you're done, press the } button and you'll walk back out.

ENG:	Maybe you could use the laser to melt that ice block as well.
RUS:	Maybe you could use the laser to melt that ice block as well.

ENG:	When I get my flippers on that rotten bear...
RUS:	When I get my flippers on that rotten bear...

----	154	----

ENG:	Gabrielle
RUS:	Gabrielle

ENG:	Welcome to Frozen Altars, Spyro! On behalf of the ice fairies, I want to grant you a special power for as long as you stay in our world.
RUS:	Welcome to Frozen Altars, Spyro! On behalf of the ice fairies, I want to grant you a special power for as long as you stay in our world.

----	155	----

ENG:	To All Dragons: DO NOT ENTER! What part of 'no' don't you understand?\     -The Sorceress
RUS:	To All Dragons: DO NOT ENTER! What part of 'no' don't you understand?\     -The Sorceress

ENG:	Spyro, I would love to visit with you here at the mountain, but I am off helping my brother. Come to my outpost at your earliest convenience.\       -Bentley
RUS:	Spyro, I would love to visit with you here at the mountain, but I am off helping my brother. Come to my outpost at your earliest convenience.\       -Bentley

ENG:	Welcome, most esteemed dragon.\       -Bentley
RUS:	Welcome, most esteemed dragon.\       -Bentley

----	159	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Say, Spyro, you're a sports fan aren't you? As you probably know, Frozen Altars is the birthplace of the great sport of cat hockey. Today's match is sold out, of course, but I just happen to have a spare ticket that I'll sell you for... say... a teensy weensy markup... &Pay ^^^ gems to enter cat hockey rink? &Sure, I love cat hockey. &I'll pass.
RUS:	Say, Spyro, you're a sports fan aren't you? As you probably know, Frozen Altars is the birthplace of the great sport of cat hockey. Today's match is sold out, of course, but I just happen to have a spare ticket that I'll sell you for... say... a teensy weensy markup... &Pay ^^^ gems to enter cat hockey rink? &Sure, I love cat hockey. &I'll pass.

ENG:	Head on in, Spyro, it should be a thrilling match! In fact... heh heh.. I've even placed a little wager on the rhynoc team... let's just hope the local team doesn't have any last minute accidents...
RUS:	Head on in, Spyro, it should be a thrilling match! In fact... heh heh.. I've even placed a little wager on the rhynoc team... let's just hope the local team doesn't have any last minute accidents...

ENG:	Off you go, then... But you'll regret it... Many years from now you'll sit on your old dragon haunches and wish with all your might that you could have just one more chance to see a game of cat hockey...
RUS:	Off you go, then... But you'll regret it... Many years from now you'll sit on your old dragon haunches and wish with all your might that you could have just one more chance to see a game of cat hockey...

ENG:	You had better hurry up and find some cash, Spyro. Today's cat hockey match is about to start, and I can't let you in without a ticket. &[Entering cat hockey rink costs ^^^ gems.
RUS:	You had better hurry up and find some cash, Spyro. Today's cat hockey match is about to start, and I can't let you in without a ticket. &[Entering cat hockey rink costs ^^^ gems.

ENG:	Heh heh... I hate to spoil the game for you, Spyro, but I've already bribed the local team to forfeit to the rhynocs.
RUS:	Heh heh... I hate to spoil the game for you, Spyro, but I've already bribed the local team to forfeit to the rhynocs.

----	165	----

ENG:	Eustace
RUS:	Eustace

ENG:	It would be easy to get up to that treasure if you had something to stand on.
RUS:	It would be easy to get up to that treasure if you had something to stand on.

ENG:	An ice block, yeah that's what you need to reach that treasure. Now how are we going to get one around here?
RUS:	An ice block, yeah that's what you need to reach that treasure. Now how are we going to get one around here?

ENG:	Brrr, I don't know why but I feel reaaalllly cold.
RUS:	Brrr, I don't know why but I feel reaaalllly cold.

----	171	----

ENG:	Eugene
RUS:	Eugene

ENG:	Thanks for helping out, Spyro. Why don't you take this. The rhynocs were trying to fry it with a laser, but you stopped them just in time.
RUS:	Thanks for helping out, Spyro. Why don't you take this. The rhynocs were trying to fry it with a laser, but you stopped them just in time.

