----	146	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Spyro, did you know I happen to be a very talented amateur magician? My specialty is the, err... 'Amazing Extending Bridge' trick. I'd love to show you, but I need a small donation first... for my expenses, you understand... &Pay ^^^^ gems to cross the bridge? &Not again... Ok, fine... &I'm happy over here.
RUS:	Spyro, did you know I happen to be a very talented amateur magician? My specialty is the, err... 'Amazing Extending Bridge' trick. I'd love to show you, but I need a small donation first... for my expenses, you understand... &Pay ^^^^ gems to cross the bridge? &Not again... Ok, fine... &I'm happy over here.

ENG:	Very good. Errr... let's see... 'Hocus Pocus, Zigglety Zen, Make This Bridge Get Long Again!'
RUS:	Very good. Errr... let's see... 'Hocus Pocus, Zigglety Zen, Make This Bridge Get Long Again!'

ENG:	You shouldn't anger a magician, Spyro. I just might decide to turn you into a blue hedgehog or something.
RUS:	You shouldn't anger a magician, Spyro. I just might decide to turn you into a blue hedgehog or something.

ENG:	Hmph... These gnomes think they're so talented... I happen to know a pretty good magic trick, myself! It's called the... incredible... magical... err, extending bridge trick. However, you'll need a few more gems to make a donation... After all, I am just a poor, starving amateur magician... &[Crossing bridge costs ^^^^ gems.
RUS:	Hmph... These gnomes think they're so talented... I happen to know a pretty good magic trick, myself! It's called the... incredible... magical... err, extending bridge trick. However, you'll need a few more gems to make a donation... After all, I am just a poor, starving amateur magician... &[Crossing bridge costs ^^^^ gems.

ENG:	I'm afraid the show's over, Spyro. Why don't you go play with the gnomes? I think they look lonely.
RUS:	I'm afraid the show's over, Spyro. Why don't you go play with the gnomes? I think they look lonely.

----	171	----

ENG:	Welcome, most esteemed dragon.\        -Bentley
RUS:	Welcome, most esteemed dragon.\        -Bentley

----	175	----

ENG:	The Marvelous Magnifico
RUS:	The Marvelous Magnifico

ENG:	Shhh! Spyro, don't tell anyone but we've stolen some magic from the Sorceress. We're hiding here whilst we practice using it. Unfortunately we've had a bit of an accident and turned everything into crystal, and it seems to have aggravated the indiginous creatures.
RUS:	Shhh! Spyro, don't tell anyone but we've stolen some magic from the Sorceress. We're hiding here whilst we practice using it. Unfortunately we've had a bit of an accident and turned everything into crystal, and it seems to have aggravated the indiginous creatures.

ENG:	I really think I'm beginning to get the hang of this magic malarkey.
RUS:	I really think I'm beginning to get the hang of this magic malarkey.

ENG:	Acrabadabar...no...acrabadadoo...no, no, that isn't right. Just hold on a minute I'll get it.
RUS:	Acrabadabar...no...acrabadadoo...no, no, that isn't right. Just hold on a minute I'll get it.

----	180	----

ENG:	The Fantastic Frederico
RUS:	The Fantastic Frederico

ENG:	All this magic is just misdirection you know. Which is why I'm going to start that whirlwind over there... ABRACADABRA!
RUS:	All this magic is just misdirection you know. Which is why I'm going to start that whirlwind over there... ABRACADABRA!

ENG:	Ok, I'll show you again. If you watch carefully maybe you'll be able to see how it's done... ABRACADABRA!
RUS:	Ok, I'll show you again. If you watch carefully maybe you'll be able to see how it's done... ABRACADABRA!

ENG:	I'm working on a new trick now, but I've left the whirlwind going in case you need to use it.
RUS:	I'm working on a new trick now, but I've left the whirlwind going in case you need to use it.

----	183	----

ENG:	The Astounding Arturo
RUS:	The Astounding Arturo

ENG:	I've been working on a great new magic trick, but this bear keeps spoiling it.
RUS:	I've been working on a great new magic trick, but this bear keeps spoiling it.

ENG:	Well, I suppose I could show you my new trick. As long as you promise not to tell the Great Zamboni, he steals all my best work... ALAKAZAM!
RUS:	Well, I suppose I could show you my new trick. As long as you promise not to tell the Great Zamboni, he steals all my best work... ALAKAZAM!

ENG:	Did you tell the Great Zamboni? That charlatan has been stealing my tricks again.
RUS:	Did you tell the Great Zamboni? That charlatan has been stealing my tricks again.

----	185	----

ENG:	The Magnificent Marvello
RUS:	The Magnificent Marvello

ENG:	Here, you can have this. I was going to use it in a trick, but my magic just keeps bouncing off.
RUS:	Here, you can have this. I was going to use it in a trick, but my magic just keeps bouncing off.

----	186	----

ENG:	The Great Zamboni
RUS:	The Great Zamboni

ENG:	Would you like to see a magic trick? Watch carefully, as you can see there is nothing up my left sleeve, nothing up my right sleeve, but now with a wave of my hands and the magic word... ALAKAZAM!
RUS:	Would you like to see a magic trick? Watch carefully, as you can see there is nothing up my left sleeve, nothing up my right sleeve, but now with a wave of my hands and the magic word... ALAKAZAM!

ENG:	You want to see the trick again? Well, alright but I want you to know this isn't as easy as it looks... ALAKAZAM!
RUS:	You want to see the trick again? Well, alright but I want you to know this isn't as easy as it looks... ALAKAZAM!

ENG:	Hey, I finally seem to have got the hang of this, those crystals have stayed up for ages.
RUS:	Hey, I finally seem to have got the hang of this, those crystals have stayed up for ages.

