----	123	----

ENG:	Gus
RUS:	Gus

ENG:	Hello, you must be Spyro! A lot of people are talking about all the things you've done for them... Do you think you could help find my girlfriend, Tara? She went off to raid the Tomb of the Stone Golem, and I haven't seen her since. I'd go look inside the tomb myself, but, you know, there's all these scorpions and stuff.
RUS:	Hello, you must be Spyro! A lot of people are talking about all the things you've done for them... Do you think you could help find my girlfriend, Tara? She went off to raid the Tomb of the Stone Golem, and I haven't seen her since. I'd go look inside the tomb myself, but, you know, there's all these scorpions and stuff.

----	130	----

ENG:	Moneybags
RUS:	Moneybags

ENG:	Well, Spyro, I bet you're glad to see me! It just happens that I know the, err... password to open the door to the Tomb of the Stone Golem... but, err... it seems to have slipped my mind for the moment... if you know what I mean. &Pay ^^^ gems to learn password? &OK, fine. &Some other time.
RUS:	Well, Spyro, I bet you're glad to see me! It just happens that I know the, err... password to open the door to the Tomb of the Stone Golem... but, err... it seems to have slipped my mind for the moment... if you know what I mean. &Pay ^^^ gems to learn password? &OK, fine. &Some other time.

ENG:	Heh heh, very well then, the password to open the tomb is... are you ready? ... heh heh... 'Gullible'.
RUS:	Heh heh, very well then, the password to open the tomb is... are you ready? ... heh heh... 'Gullible'.

ENG:	It's just as well, I've heard there are enough riches inside this tomb to pay a dragon's ransom... err... so to speak.
RUS:	It's just as well, I've heard there are enough riches inside this tomb to pay a dragon's ransom... err... so to speak.

ENG:	I am dreadfully sorry, Spyro, but I can't let common riff raff into the Tomb of the Stone Golem. Only the crustiest of the upper crust may pass through here. &[Entering tomb costs ^^^ gems.
RUS:	I am dreadfully sorry, Spyro, but I can't let common riff raff into the Tomb of the Stone Golem. Only the crustiest of the upper crust may pass through here. &[Entering tomb costs ^^^ gems.

ENG:	OK, there was no password. I was standing in front of the wall switch. What are you going to do, sue me?
RUS:	OK, there was no password. I was standing in front of the wall switch. What are you going to do, sue me?

----	132	----

ENG:	Come on in!\     -Sheila
RUS:	Come on in!\     -Sheila

----	136	----

ENG:	Tara
RUS:	Tara

ENG:	Well, well, look at you... showing up here to raid the tomb, after I've done all the work. I spend all day pressing switches and shoving boxes around, and you just waltz in here expecting to claim the treasure! Well, you might as well have it. It only turned out to be a lousy egg, anyway.
RUS:	Well, well, look at you... showing up here to raid the tomb, after I've done all the work. I spend all day pressing switches and shoving boxes around, and you just waltz in here expecting to claim the treasure! Well, you might as well have it. It only turned out to be a lousy egg, anyway.

ENG:	I'll be going now. After all, a girl of my abundant talents has to keep herself busy.
RUS:	I'll be going now. After all, a girl of my abundant talents has to keep herself busy.

