----	138	----

ENG:	Pablo
RUS:	Pablo

ENG:	Those crummy rhynocs forced us to build a statue of the Sorceress. Then, after we built it, she complained it was too ugly! If you ask me, the statue is much prettier than she is.
RUS:	Those crummy rhynocs forced us to build a statue of the Sorceress. Then, after we built it, she complained it was too ugly! If you ask me, the statue is much prettier than she is.

ENG:	My friend Jasper has a plan to blow the statue to kingdom come, but we'll have to clear out these rhynocs first.
RUS:	My friend Jasper has a plan to blow the statue to kingdom come, but we'll have to clear out these rhynocs first.

ENG:	Yup, that exploding Sorceress statue was Jasper's finest work since 'Rhynoc with TNT Barrel: Four Seconds of Terror'.
RUS:	Yup, that exploding Sorceress statue was Jasper's finest work since 'Rhynoc with TNT Barrel: Four Seconds of Terror'.

----	145	----

ENG:	Attention: This hut, and that measly penguin, are declared OFF LIMITS.\     -The Sorceress
RUS:	Attention: This hut, and that measly penguin, are declared OFF LIMITS.\     -The Sorceress

ENG:	I appreciate you're stopping by, Spyro, but I'm still busy training hummingbirds. Meet me at my home base.     -Sgt. James Byrd
RUS:	I appreciate you're stopping by, Spyro, but I'm still busy training hummingbirds. Meet me at my home base.     -Sgt. James Byrd

ENG:	Step inside, old chum!     -Sgt. James Byrd
RUS:	Step inside, old chum!     -Sgt. James Byrd

----	148	----

ENG:	Ooga
RUS:	Ooga

ENG:	Hello birdy, I was having a lovely vacation with my friend, but he's lost all his bones. Can you find them and put him together?
RUS:	Hello birdy, I was having a lovely vacation with my friend, but he's lost all his bones. Can you find them and put him together?

ENG:	You're doing great, please find the rest of the bones so we can put my friend back together.
RUS:	You're doing great, please find the rest of the bones so we can put my friend back together.

ENG:	Here have this. I was going to keep it as a souvenir, but I don't have room in my luggage.
RUS:	Here have this. I was going to keep it as a souvenir, but I don't have room in my luggage.

ENG:	My friend is feeling much better now... Oh, no! He's started his bone dance again...
RUS:	My friend is feeling much better now... Oh, no! He's started his bone dance again...

ENG:	What did you have to come back for? Now he's going to do his whole routine again! Well, here we go...
RUS:	What did you have to come back for? Now he's going to do his whole routine again! Well, here we go...

ENG:	Have you found any of my friend's bones? We have to go back to Skelos Badlands, and we can't leave without them.
RUS:	Have you found any of my friend's bones? We have to go back to Skelos Badlands, and we can't leave without them.

ENG:	Spyro! Are you on vacation too? I was having a lovely time with my friend until the lava toads stole all his bones again. I'd ask you to help, but some of the toads are hiding at the top of the tallest towers and I don't think you can fly that high.
RUS:	Spyro! Are you on vacation too? I was having a lovely time with my friend until the lava toads stole all his bones again. I'd ask you to help, but some of the toads are hiding at the top of the tallest towers and I don't think you can fly that high.

----	151	----

ENG:	Jasper
RUS:	Jasper

ENG:	I'm almost ready to reveal my latest piece of real-time, four-dimensional performance art! I call it 'Hideous Exploding Witch, Number 9'. Now, if you can just light the three rockets around here, my masterpiece shall be complete...
RUS:	I'm almost ready to reveal my latest piece of real-time, four-dimensional performance art! I call it 'Hideous Exploding Witch, Number 9'. Now, if you can just light the three rockets around here, my masterpiece shall be complete...

ENG:	The world breathlessly awaits my brilliant four-dimensional masterpiece... just light all the rockets and prepare to be amazed by my genius!
RUS:	The world breathlessly awaits my brilliant four-dimensional masterpiece... just light all the rockets and prepare to be amazed by my genius!

ENG:	Oooops, I forgot I hid this egg inside the statue. I hope the explosion didn't hard boil it...
RUS:	Oooops, I forgot I hid this egg inside the statue. I hope the explosion didn't hard boil it...

ENG:	And now, for my latest experiment: 'Blast-Sculpting'! I shall attempt to carve an image of you with a single explosive detonation...
RUS:	And now, for my latest experiment: 'Blast-Sculpting'! I shall attempt to carve an image of you with a single explosive detonation...

ENG:	Not too bad, eh? Very post-neolithic, wouldn't you say?
RUS:	Not too bad, eh? Very post-neolithic, wouldn't you say?

----	158	----

ENG:	Sgt. Byrd
RUS:	Sgt. Byrd

ENG:	I'm ready to patrol the towers and the perimeter of the islands whenever you want me to. &Go on patrol &Yes sir! &No, I'm off duty.
RUS:	I'm ready to patrol the towers and the perimeter of the islands whenever you want me to. &Go on patrol &Yes sir! &No, I'm off duty.

ENG:	It's good to be back in action.
RUS:	It's good to be back in action.

ENG:	I'll be here when you need me.
RUS:	I'll be here when you need me.

